You ran and kept saying
He is the Dragon King Battery. Then your oral letter,
At the beginning of Dragon King’s electronic singing of you, the master of electronic music returned from inside,
Dragon King Battery Man, the first car,
The program at the beginning of the electronic class.
What is the first car, and you, what is your path?
I'm obviously violating the Dragon King's instructions,
What else is there about the overall rate of ball formation?
I just don’t understand why you have to go against him in everything,
Not even used to it, being surrounded by a group of people,
This is the most difficult case for a society,
Why is it so bad every day if I leave the country?
Lian Zheng from the villain
Sure enough, I found it forever
Don't leave
I've been hiding here from you and it's clear that Xu Man
And forget it all the same
Three gave you the rules
Do you dare to be honest next time?
Then you want a company
That society will take you with it
from festival
In the palace of King Luo
Gu family name
not what
What do I usually do to take care of my family?
He became famous from Luowang Palace
Just fight you forever
I can beat you
And you damn women
They are all attracted by this pretty boy
Lock her up for being married
You Gu Hongyi
Want our Gu family to die
Then don't be surprised
Since you all want my Gu family to die
Then no one should change
Stop arguing
This pinkie can block your mission
I’ll give you a wind right now
don't want to do anything
what do i want to do
I'm going to notify the church to collect your secrets
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little